=== Page 8 ===
 第三部份 : 其他資料     Part 3 : Other Information
(1)
(2)
第52(1)條/Section 52(1)
第53(2)條/Section 53(2)
第53(3)條/Section 53(3)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(A1)
1.
2.
3.
樓價   5%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約後30天內支付。
5% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser within 30 days after signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
樓價 90%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約後90天內支付。
90% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser within 90 days after signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
註：『售價』指本價單第二部份中所列之住宅物業的售價，而『樓價』指臨時買賣合約(或買賣合約或經修訂的買賣合約)中訂明的住宅物業的實際售價。因應相關折扣 (如有) 按售價計算得出之價目，皆以向下調整至百位數
作為樓價。買方須為於同一份臨時買賣合約下購買的所有住宅物業選擇相同的付款計劃。
Note: “price” means the price of the residential property set out in Part 2 of this price list, and “purchase price” means the actual price of the residential property set out in the preliminary agreement for sale and purchase (or the agreement for sale and purchase or the amended
agreement for sale and purchase). The price obtained after applying the relevant discount(s) (if any) on the price will be rounded down to the nearest hundred to determine the purchase price. The Purchaser must choose the same payment plan for all the residential properties
purchased under the same preliminary agreement for sale and purchase.
付款辦法 - 歡迎選擇    Payment Methods - Please Choose
於認購單位時先提供港幣$80,000，並在簽署臨時買賣合約時補足樓價之5%作為臨時訂金。請備銀行本票抬頭:“胡關李羅律師行”。
A sum of HK$80,000 is to be tendered on registering the purchase of a unit, and on signing of the Preliminary Agreement a further payment is to be made to bring the total preliminary deposit up to 5% of the purchase price. Please prepare a banker's cashier order in favour of
“WOO, KWAN, LEE & LO, SOLICITORS & NOTARIES”.
現金付款計劃 - 90天成交 : 依照售價減3.5%(96.5%)
Cash Payment Method - 90 days Completion : 3.5% discount from the price (96.5%)
樓價   5%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約時支付，並於5個工作日內到指定律師樓簽署正式買賣合約。
5% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser upon signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.  The Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase shall be signed at the designated solicitors' office within 5 working days after signing of the Preliminary
Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
如某人於某日期訂立臨時買賣合約，並於該日期後的5個工作日內，就有關住宅物業簽立買賣合約，則擁有人必須在該日期後的8個工作日內，簽立該買賣合約。
If a person executes an agreement for sale and purchase in respect of the residential property within 5 working days after the date on which the person enters into the preliminary agreement for sale and purchase, the owner must execute the agreement for sale and purchase within 8
working days after that date.
如某人於某日期訂立臨時買賣合約時，但沒有於該日期後的5個工作日內，就有關住宅物業簽立買賣合約，則 - (i) 該臨時合約即告終止；(ii) 有關的臨時訂金即予沒收；及 (iii) 擁有人不得就該人沒有簽立買賣合約而針對該人
提出進一步申索。
If a person does not execute an agreement for sale and purchase in respect of the residential property within 5 working days after the date on which the person enters into the preliminary agreement for sale and purchase - (i) the preliminary agreement is terminated; (ii) the
preliminary deposit is forfeited; and (iii) the owner does not have any further claim against the person for the failure.
實用面積及屬該住宅物業其他指明項目的面積是按《一手住宅物業銷售條例》第8條及附表二第2部的計算得出的。
The saleable area and area of other specified items of the residential property are calculated in accordance with section 8 and Part 2 of Schedule 2 to the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance.
準買家應參閱發展項目的售樓說明書，以了解該項目的資料。
Prospective purchasers are advised to refer to the sales brochure for the development for information on the development.
根據《一手住宅物業銷售條例》第52(1)條及第53(2)及(3)條，-
According to sections 52(1) and 53(2) and (3) of the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance,-
在某人就指明住宅物業與擁有人訂立臨時買賣合約時，該人須向擁有人支付售價的5%的臨時訂金。
A preliminary deposit of 5% of the purchase price is payable by a person to the owner on entering into a preliminary agreement for sale and purchase in respect of the specified residential property with the owner.
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
8

=== Page 13 ===
 (C1)
***此計劃只適用於購買第3B座2樓至39樓A及B單位所有住宅物業之買方***
***This method is ONLY applicable to the Purchaser of all the residential properties of Flats A and B on 2/F-39/F of Tower 3B***
1.
2.
3.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
提前付清樓價優惠
Early Settlement Benefit Table
(c) 付清樓價日期以賣方代表律師收到所有樓價款項日期為準。如提前付清樓價優惠列表中訂明的每個付清樓價的期限的最後一日不是工作日(按《一手住宅物業銷售條例》第2(1)條所定義)，則該日定為下一個工作日。
「換樓易」付款計劃 - 360天成交 : 依照售價減0.5%(99.5%)
“Home-For-Home”Payment Method - 360 days Completion : 0.5% discount from the price (99.5%)
樓價   5%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約時支付，並於5個工作日內到指定律師樓簽署正式買賣合約。
5% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser upon signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.  The Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase shall be signed at the designated solicitors' office within 5 working days after signing of the Preliminary
Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
樓價   5%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約後30天內支付。
5% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser within 30 days after signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
樓價 90%：於買方簽署臨時買賣合約後360天內支付。
90% of purchase price : shall be paid by the Purchaser within 360 days after signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase.
選擇(C1)付款辦法之買方可向賣方申請以許可人身份提前入住，主要條款如下:
The Purchaser who chooses payment method (C1) may apply to the Vendor for the purpose of early occupancy as a licensee, subject to the following terms:
買方須向賣方繳付不少於樓價10%；
The Purchaser shall pay to the Vendor not less than 10% of the Purchase Price;
 買方須繳付許可費用相等於樓價5%；
The Purchaser shall pay a licence fee equivalent to 5% of the Purchase Price;
買方須簽署一份經由賣方訂明的許可協議；
A Licence Agreement in a prescribed form of the Vendor shall be signed by the Purchaser;
買方須同意負責所有法律費用(包括就許可協議而產生的印花稅(如有)；
The Purchaser shall bear all legal costs and expenses (including stamp duty (if any)) arising from the Licence Agreement;
在許可期內，買方須負責住宅物業之相關管理費、地租、差餉及其他開支；
During the licence period, the Purchaser shall be responsible for management fees, Government rent and rates and all other outgoings of the residential property;
在簽訂許可協議時，買方須向賣方付還在公契規定或依據公契就該物業需要支付的管理費按金、其他按金及其他款項；
The Purchaser shall reimburse the Vendor the management fee deposits and other deposits and other payments under or pursuant to the DMC upon signing of the Licence Agreement;
買方知悉於成交時，買方將可獲賣方提供特別回贈，金額相等於買方所繳交予賣方住宅物業的許可費用即樓價5%(不計利息)「特別對消回贈」。「特別對消回贈」只可於成交時用作對消部分樓價餘額；
The Purchaser also acknowledges that upon completion, the Purchaser shall be entitled to receive from the Vendor a special rebate which is equivalent to 5% of the Purchase Price as the licence fee of the residential property paid by the Purchaser to
the Vendor (without interest) ("the Special Set-off Rebate"). "The Special Set-off Rebate" shall only be used to set off part of the balance of Purchase Price upon completion;
其他條款細節，請向恒基物業代理有限公司職員查詢。
For details of other terms and conditions, please consult the staff of Henderson Property Agency Limited.
Early Settlement Benefit 
如選擇上述付款辦法(C1)之買方提前於買賣合約訂明的付款日期之前付清樓價，可根據以下列表獲賣方送出提前付清樓價優惠(「提前付清樓價優惠」)。
Where the Purchaser chooses payment method (C1) and settles the purchase price in advance of the date of payment specified in the Agreement for Sale and Purchase, the Purchaser shall be entitled to an Early Settlement Benefit ("Early Settlement Benefit") offered by the
Vendor according to the table below.
提前付清樓價優惠列表
付清樓價日期
提前付清樓價優惠金額
備註Remarks:
(a) 「提前付清樓價優惠」計算得出的金額皆以四捨五入至個位整數。
The amount of "Early Settlement Benefit" will be rounded to the nearest dollar.
(b) 買方須於提前付清樓價不少於14天前，以書面向賣方提出申請「提前付清樓價優惠」。賣方會於收到通知並確認有關資料無誤後的14天內將「提前付清樓價優惠」付予買方。
The Purchaser shall apply to the Vendor in writing for the "Early Settlement Benefit" not less than 14 days before the early settlement of the purchase price. The Vendor will pay the "Early Settlement  Benefit" to the Purchaser within 14 days after the Vendor has received
the written application and duly verified the relevant information.
The date of settlement of the purchase price shall be the date on which all the purchase price is received by the Vendor's solicitors. If the last day of each of the periods as set out in the Early Settlement Benefit Table is not a working day (as defined in section 2(1) of the
Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance), the said day shall fall on the next working day.
Date of settlement of the purchase price
Early Settlement Benefit amount
簽署臨時買賣合約的日期後120天內
樓價2%
Within the period 120 days after the date of signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase
2% of the purchase price
簽署臨時買賣合約的日期後121天至180天內
樓價1%
Within the period from 121 days to 180 days after the date of signing of the Preliminary Agreement for Sale and Purchase
1% of the purchase price
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
13

=== Page 14 ===
 優惠提供
Preferential Terms
(A)
(B)
(C) 「代繳從價印花稅」優惠 
“Ad Valorem Stamp Duty” Benefit
i)
「代繳從價印花稅」優惠只適用於購買任何下列指明住宅物業：
The "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit is only applicable to the purchase any of the following specified residential properties:
ii) 「代繳從價印花稅」優惠只作繳付買賣合約之從價印花稅之用。
The "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit shall be used for the purpose of payment of the ad valorem stamp duty on the agreement for sale and purchase only.
iii)
iv) 所有根據本段之條款及條件賦予買方之權利及優惠均不能轉讓及不能轉移，及只能由買方本人行使及享用。
All the rights and benefits conferred on the Purchaser upon the terms and conditions under this paragraph are non-assignable and non-transferable and can only be exercised and enjoyed by the Purchaser personally.
v)
(D)
首3年保修優惠
First 3 Years Warranty Offer
在不影響買方於正式買賣合約下之權利的前提下，凡住宅物業(但不包括傢具(如有)及園景/盆栽(如有))有欠妥之處(正常損耗除外)，而該欠妥之處並非由任何人之行為或疏忽造成，買方可於該住宅物業之轉讓契日期起計3
年內向賣方發出書面通知，賣方須在收到書面通知後在合理地切實可行的範圍內盡快自費作出修補。
Without affecting the Purchaser's rights under the Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase, the Vendor shall at its own cost and as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a written notice served by the Purchaser within 3 years from the date
of the Assignment of the residential property rectify any defects (fair wear and tear excepted) to the residential property (excluding furniture (if any) and landscape area / potted plants (if any)) caused otherwise than by the act or neglect of any person.
首3年保修優惠受其他條款及細則約束。
The First 3 Years Warranty Offer is subject to other terms and conditions.
「特別對消回贈」優惠
“Special Set-off Rebate” Benefit
選擇(C1)付款辦法之買方將可獲賣方提供特別回贈，金額相等於買方所繳交予賣方住宅物業的許可費用即樓價5%(不計利息)「特別對消回贈」。「特別對消回贈」只可於成交時用作對消部分樓價餘額。
The Purchaser who chooses payment method (C1) shall be entitled to receive from the Vendor a special rebate which is equivalent to 5% of the Purchase Price as the licence fee of the residential property paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor (without
interest) ("the Special Set-off Rebate").  "The Special Set-off Rebate" shall only be used to set off part of the balance of Purchase Price upon completion.
特別折扣優惠
Special Discount Benefit
如買方選購本價單中任何實用面積為420平方呎或以下的住宅物業，可獲額外5.5%售價折扣優惠。
Any purchaser who purchases any specified residential property in this price list with a salable area of 420 square feet or below, an extra 5.5% discount from the price will be offered to the purchaser.
受限於以下條款及條件的前提下，買方將獲賣方提供「代繳從價印花稅」優惠，金額相等於就買賣合約須繳付之「從價印花稅」第 2 標準税率的實際金額。
 Subject to the conditions precedent below being satisfied by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will be offered by the Vendor the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit, the amount of which is equal to the actual amount of ad valorem stamp duty at Scale 2
payable on the agreement for sale and purchase.
大廈名稱
Block Name
單位
Flat
樓層
Floor
第3B座
Tower 3B
A
25, 27, 28, 29樓
25, 27, 28, 29/F
若買方未能遵守、履行及符合臨時合約或買賣合約內的任何條款及條件或未能完成購買指明住宅物業或未能按照買賣合約的條款及條件付清指明住宅物業之樓價餘款，賣方有絕對權利取消給予買方的「代繳從價印花
稅」優惠及買家須按賣方的選擇，立即向賣方支付一筆相等於賣方已繳付之「代繳從價印花稅」優惠之款項或立即採取一切賣方要求之步驟及行動，協助賣方從有關當局退回買賣合約已付之從價印花稅。買方須應賣
方的要求，向賣方提供所有上述退款所需之文件。
If the Purchaser fails to observe, perform or comply with any of the terms and conditions contained in the preliminary agreement for sale and purchase or the agreement for sale and purchase or to complete the purchase of the specified residential
property(ies) or to pay the balance of the purchase price in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement for sale and purchase relating to the specified residential property(ies), the Vendor shall have the absolute right to cancel the "Ad
Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit offered to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall at the option of the Vendor forthwith pay to the Vendor an amount equivalent to the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit paid by the Vendor or forthwith carry out all
steps and actions that the Vendor requires to assist the Vendor to obtain a refund of the ad valorem stamp duty paid on the agreement for sale and purchase from the relevant authorities. Upon the Vendor's request, the Purchaser shall furnish the
Vendor with all documents that are necessary for the aforesaid refund.
為免疑問，買方有責任支付所有印花稅，包括但不限於從價印花稅、其他適用的印花稅(如有)及印花稅署徵收之罰款(如適用)。「代繳從價印花稅」優惠乃屬賣方提供之優惠，賣方在任何情況下均不須就提供「代繳
從價印花稅」優惠之任何延遲或因任何原因導致「代繳從價印花稅」優惠(或其任何部分)之延遲支付而造成之任何罰款或損失負責。本優惠受其他條款及條件約束。
For the avoidance of doubt, it is the Purchaser's duty to pay all stamp duty, including but not limited to ad valorem stamp duty, other applicable stamp duty (if any) and penalty imposed by the Stamp Office (if applicable). The "Ad Valorem Stamp
Duty" Benefit is only a benefit offered by the Vendor. The Vendor shall under no circumstances be liable for any delay in providing the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit or be responsible for any penalty or loss if there is any late payment of the
"Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit (or any part thereof) for whatever reason. This benefit is subject to other terms and conditions.
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
14

=== Page 15 ===
 a.
b.
c.
d.
(6)
(7)
The address of the website designated by the vendor for the development is: www.thehenley.com.hk .
All stamp duty chargeable in relation to the purchase of the Property shall be paid by the Purchaser(s) absolutely.
若買方選用賣方所推薦之律師行為買方之代表律師直至交易完成，所有有關買賣合約及樓契之律師費用(除地契/公契印證費、註冊費、圖則費及其他實際支出款項由買方負責支付外)，均由賣方代買方支付。一切有關按
揭及其他之費用，均由買方負責。除上述情況外，各方需自行負責己方的律師費用及支出。
If the Purchaser appoints the solicitors firm recommended by the Vendor to represent the Purchaser until completion, the legal costs for the relevant Agreement for Sale and Purchase as well as the subsequent assignment (excluding costs of certified copies of title deeds, the
deed of mutual covenant, registration fees, plan fees and other disbursements, which shall be borne by the Purchaser) will be borne by the Vendor. All expenses in relation to the mortgage or other matters will be borne by the Purchaser. Subject to the above, each party shall
bear its own solicitors’ fees and disbursements.
賣方已委任地產代理在發展項目中的指明住宅物業的出售過程中行事：恒基物業代理有限公司 / 中原地產代理有限公司 / 美聯物業代理有限公司 / 利嘉閣地產有限公司 / 香港置業(地產代理)有限公司 / 世紀21集團有限公司及旗
下特許經營商 / 泓諾顧問有限公司。 請注意：任何人可委任任何地產代理在購買該項目中的指明住宅物業的過程中行事，但亦可以不委任任何地產代理。
The vendor has appointed estate agents to act in the sale of any specified residential property in the development: Henderson Property Agency Limited / Centaline Property Agency Limited / Midland Realty (International) Limited / Ricacorp Properties Limited / Hong Kong
Property Services (Agency) Limited / Century 21 Group Limited and Franchisees / Mega Wealth Consultant Limited. Please note that a person may appoint any estate agent to act in the purchase of any specified residential property in the development. Also, that person does not
necessarily have to appoint any estate agent.
賣方就發展項目指定的互聯網網站的網址為：www.thehenley.com.hk 。
備註 :  Note :
買方到自行聘用之律師行辦理購買物業手續所需之法律費用，歸由買方負責繳交。
The Purchaser shall be responsible to pay the legal charges of his own appointed solicitors in respect of the formalities for purchasing the property.
有關該物業買賣之印花稅，概由買方支付。
買方如作出要求更改付款辦法，必須得賣方事先批准，並須在賣方要求下繳付手續費$7,500及自付有關額外費用。惟賣方保留絕對權利，拒絕批准買方的要求更改付款辦法。賣方就此方面所作的決定為最終決定，對買方
具有約束力。
If a Purchaser makes a request to change the payment methods, such Purchaser must obtain the prior approval of the Vendor and pay an administrative fee of $7,500 upon demand and all related extra expenses. The Vendor reserve(s) the absolute right to reject the Purchaser's
request to change the payment methods. The Vendor's decision in this regard shall be final and binding on all Purchaser(s).
「恒地會」會員如直接經由「恒基物業代理有限公司」購入價單內住宅物業（並非經由其他地產代理公司中介成交）可獲賣方送贈︰
(i) 相等於正式買賣合約訂定住宅物業成交價的0.5%固定金額作為回贈優惠(此優惠於買方付清樓款後14天內由賣方支付)；及
(ii) 18個月管理費 (於簽契入伙後起計算)。
（如買方為有限公司名義，其中一位董事必須為「恒地會」會員才可獲得上述優惠。）
Any "Henderson Club" member who purchases any specified residential property in the price list of the development directly through Henderson Property Agency Limited (but not through the other estate agents) will be given:
(i) a fixed sum equivalent to 0.5% of the purchase price as stated in Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase as a benefit for the reimbursement (Such benefit will be given within 14 days after full payment of purchase price of the residential property by the
purchaser ); and
(ii) management fees for the period of 18 months after the execution of the assignment of the residential property by the purchaser.
(If a purchase is made in the name of a limited company, at least one of its directors must be a "Henderson Club" member in order to get the above benefits.)
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
15

