a.
b.
c.
d.
(6)
(7)
The address of the website designated by the vendor for the development is: www.thehenley.com.hk .
有關該物業買賣之印花稅，概由買方支付。
All stamp duty chargeable in relation to the purchase of the Property shall be paid by the Purchaser(s) absolutely.
若買方選用賣方所推薦之律師行為買方之代表律師直至交易完成，所有有關買賣合約及樓契之律師費用(除地契/公契印證費、註冊費、圖則費及其他實際支出款項由買方負責支付外)，均由賣方代買方支付。一切有關按
揭及其他之費用，均由買方負責。除上述情況外，各方需自行負責己方的律師費用及支出。
If the Purchaser appoints the solicitors firm recommended by the Vendor to represent the Purchaser until completion, the legal costs for the relevant Agreement for Sale and Purchase as well as the subsequent assignment (excluding costs of certified copies of title deeds, the
deed of mutual covenant, registration fees, plan fees and other disbursements, which shall be borne by the Purchaser) will be borne by the Vendor. All expenses in relation to the mortgage or other matters will be borne by the Purchaser. Subject to the above, each party shall
bear its own solicitors’ fees and disbursements.
賣方已委任地產代理在發展項目中的指明住宅物業的出售過程中行事：恒基物業代理有限公司 / 中原地產代理有限公司 / 美聯物業代理有限公司 / 利嘉閣地產有限公司 / 香港置業(地產代理)有限公司 / 世紀21集團有限公司及
旗下特許經營商 / 泓諾顧問有限公司。 請注意：任何人可委任任何地產代理在購買該項目中的指明住宅物業的過程中行事，但亦可以不委任任何地產代理。
The vendor has appointed estate agents to act in the sale of any specified residential property in the development: Henderson Property Agency Limited / Centaline Property Agency Limited / Midland Realty (International) Limited / Ricacorp Properties Limited / Hong Kong
Property Services (Agency) Limited / Century 21 Group Limited and Franchisees / Mega Wealth Consultant Limited. Please note that a person may appoint any estate agent to act in the purchase of any specified residential property in the development. Also, that person does not
necessarily have to appoint any estate agent.
備註 :  Note :
買方到自行聘用之律師行辦理購買物業手續所需之法律費用，歸由買方負責繳交。
The Purchaser shall be responsible to pay the legal charges of his own appointed solicitors in respect of the formalities for purchasing the property.
買方如作出要求更改付款辦法，必須得賣方事先批准，並須在賣方要求下繳付手續費$7,500及自付有關額外費用。惟賣方保留絕對權利，拒絕批准買方的要求更改付款辦法。賣方就此方面所作的決定為最終決定，對買
方具有約束力。
If a Purchaser makes a request to change the payment methods, such Purchaser must obtain the prior approval of the Vendor and pay an administrative fee of $7,500 upon demand and all related extra expenses. The Vendor reserve(s) the absolute right to reject the Purchaser's
request to change the payment methods. The Vendor's decision in this regard shall be final and binding on all Purchaser(s).
賣方就發展項目指定的互聯網網站的網址為：www.thehenley.com.hk 。
「恒地會」會員如直接經由「恒基物業代理有限公司」購入價單內住宅物業（並非經由其他地產代理公司中介成交）可獲賣方送贈︰
(i) 相等於正式買賣合約訂定住宅物業成交價的0.5%固定金額作為回贈優惠(此優惠於買方付清樓款後14天內由賣方支付)；及
(ii) 18個月管理費 (於簽契入伙後起計算)。
（如買方為有限公司名義，其中一位董事必須為「恒地會」會員才可獲得上述優惠。）
Any "Henderson Club" member who purchases any specified residential property in the price list of the development directly through Henderson Property Agency Limited (but not through the other estate agents) will be given:
(i) a fixed sum equivalent to 0.5% of the purchase price as stated in Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase as a benefit for the reimbursement (Such benefit will be given within 14 days after full payment of purchase price of the residential property by
the purchaser ); and
(ii) management fees for the period of 18 months after the execution of the assignment of the residential property by the purchaser.
(If a purchase is made in the name of a limited company, at least one of its directors must be a "Henderson Club" member in order to get the above benefits.)
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
12

