優惠提供
Preferential Terms
(A)
(B)
(C) 「代繳從價印花稅」優惠 
“Ad Valorem Stamp Duty” Benefit
i)
「代繳從價印花稅」優惠只適用於購買任何下列指明住宅物業：
The "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit is only applicable to the purchase any of the following specified residential properties:
ii) 「代繳從價印花稅」優惠只作繳付買賣合約之從價印花稅之用。
The "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit shall be used for the purpose of payment of the ad valorem stamp duty on the agreement for sale and purchase only.
iii)
iv) 所有根據本段之條款及條件賦予買方之權利及優惠均不能轉讓及不能轉移，及只能由買方本人行使及享用。
All the rights and benefits conferred on the Purchaser upon the terms and conditions under this paragraph are non-assignable and non-transferable and can only be exercised and enjoyed by the Purchaser personally.
v)
(D) 「特別對消回贈」優惠
“Special Set-off Rebate” Benefit
選擇(C1)付款辦法之買方將可獲賣方提供特別回贈，金額相等於買方所繳交予賣方住宅物業的許可費用即樓價5%(不計利息)「特別對消回贈」。「特別對消回贈」只可於成交時用作對消部分樓價餘額。
The Purchaser who chooses payment method  (C1) shall be entitled to receive from the Vendor a special rebate which is equivalent to 5% of the Purchase Price as the licence fee of the residential property paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor (without
interest) ("the Special Set-off Rebate").  "The Special Set-off Rebate" shall only be used to set off part of the balance of Purchase Price upon completion.
特別折扣優惠
Special Discount Benefit
如買方選購本價單中任何實用面積為420平方呎或以下的住宅物業，可獲額外5.5%售價折扣優惠。
Any purchaser who purchases any specified residential property in this price list with a salable area of 420 square feet or below, an extra 5.5% discount from the price will be offered to the purchaser.
受限於以下條款及條件的前提下，買方將獲賣方提供「代繳從價印花稅」優惠，金額相等於就買賣合約須繳付之「從價印花稅」第 2 標準税率的實際金額。
 Subject to the conditions precedent below being satisfied by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will be offered by the Vendor the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit, the amount of which is equal to the actual amount of ad valorem stamp duty at Scale 2
payable on the agreement for sale and purchase.
若買方未能遵守、履行及符合臨時合約或買賣合約內的任何條款及條件或未能完成購買指明住宅物業或未能按照買賣合約的條款及條件付清指明住宅物業之樓價餘款，賣方有絕對權利取消給予買方的「代繳從價印
花稅」優惠及買家須按賣方的選擇，立即向賣方支付一筆相等於賣方已繳付之「代繳從價印花稅」優惠之款項或立即採取一切賣方要求之步驟及行動，協助賣方從有關當局退回買賣合約已付之從價印花稅。買方須
應賣方的要求，向賣方提供所有上述退款所需之文件。
If the Purchaser fails to observe, perform or comply with any of the terms and conditions contained in the preliminary agreement for sale and purchase or the agreement for sale and purchase or to complete the purchase of the specified residential
property(ies) or to pay the balance of the purchase price in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement for sale and purchase relating to the specified residential property(ies), the Vendor shall have the absolute right to cancel the
"Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit offered to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall at the option of the Vendor forthwith pay to the Vendor an amount equivalent to the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit paid by the Vendor or forthwith carry
out all steps and actions that the Vendor requires to assist the Vendor to obtain a refund of the ad valorem stamp duty paid on the agreement for sale and purchase from the relevant authorities. Upon the Vendor's request, the Purchaser shall
furnish the Vendor with all documents that are necessary for the aforesaid refund.
首3年保修優惠
First 3 Years Warranty Offer
在不影響買方於正式買賣合約下之權利的前提下，凡住宅物業(但不包括傢具(如有)及園景/盆栽(如有))有欠妥之處(正常損耗除外)，而該欠妥之處並非由任何人之行為或疏忽造成，買方可於該住宅物業之轉讓契日期起計3
年內向賣方發出書面通知，賣方須在收到書面通知後在合理地切實可行的範圍內盡快自費作出修補。
Without affecting the Purchaser's rights under the Formal Agreement for Sale and Purchase, the Vendor shall at its own cost and as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of a written notice served by the Purchaser within 3 years from the date
of the Assignment of the residential property rectify any defects (fair wear and tear excepted) to the residential property (excluding furniture (if any) and landscape area / potted plants (if any)) caused otherwise than by the act or neglect of any
person.
首3年保修優惠受其他條款及細則約束。
The First 3 Years Warranty Offer is subject to other terms and conditions.
為免疑問，買方有責任支付所有印花稅，包括但不限於從價印花稅、其他適用的印花稅(如有)及印花稅署徵收之罰款(如適用)。「代繳從價印花稅」優惠乃屬賣方提供之優惠，賣方在任何情況下均不須就提供「代繳
從價印花稅」優惠之任何延遲或因任何原因導致「代繳從價印花稅」優惠(或其任何部分)之延遲支付而造成之任何罰款或損失負責。本優惠受其他條款及條件約束。
For the avoidance of doubt, it is the Purchaser's duty to pay all stamp duty, including but not limited to ad valorem stamp duty, other applicable stamp duty (if any) and penalty imposed by the Stamp Office (if applicable). The "Ad Valorem
Stamp Duty" Benefit is only a benefit offered by the Vendor. The Vendor shall under no circumstances be liable for any delay in providing the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit or be responsible for any penalty or loss if there is any late
payment of the "Ad Valorem Stamp Duty" Benefit (or any part thereof) for whatever reason. This benefit is subject to other terms and conditions.
大廈名稱
Block Name
單位
Flat
樓層
Floor
第3B座
Tower 3B
A
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 39樓
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 39/F
第3B座
Tower 3B
B
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8樓
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8/F
The Henley (Phase 3 of The Henley)
11

